http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_226.jpg@ Great Valkyrie
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_359.jpg@ Genie, the Light Elemental
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_204.jpg@ Messenger of God, Archangel
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_384.jpg@ Dragon Rider
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_203.jpg@ Mystical Forest Pixie, Alraune
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_361.jpg@ Thanatos, the Dark Elemental
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_516.jpg@ Duke Vampire Lord
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_202.jpg@ Enchantress of the Sea, Siren
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_299.jpg@ Angelion
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_201.jpg@ Empress of Serpents, Echidna
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_380.jpg@ Beast Rider
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_205.jpg@ Witch of the Night, Lilith
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_382.jpg@ Marine Rider
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_378.jpg@ Dino Rider
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_121.jpg@ Tiamat
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_386.jpg@ Gryps Rider
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_320.jpg@ Dark Golem Mk.III
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_319.jpg@ Machine Golem Mk.III
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_113.jpg@ Ifrit
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_230.jpg@ Fenrir Knight Kamui
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_293.jpg@ Megalodran
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_355.jpg@ Undine, the Water Elemental
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_316.jpg@ Flame Mech Warrior, Jotunn
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_317.jpg@ Water Mech Warrior, Midgard
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_318.jpg@ Wood Mech Warrior, Asgard
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_229.jpg@ Phoenix Knight Homura
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_119.jpg@ Divinegon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_232.jpg@ Verche, the Knight of the Sky
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_512.jpg@ Red Giant Gigas
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_222.jpg@ Siegfried, the Blue Champion
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_296.jpg@ Fortoytops
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_357.jpg@ Sylph, the Wind Elemental
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_353.jpg@ Shaitan, the Flame Elemental
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_231.jpg@ Ancient Dragon Knight
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_233.jpg@ Chaos Dragon Knight
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_115.jpg@ Leviathan
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_117.jpg@ Fafnir
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_224.jpg@ Cu Chulainn, the Green Lancer
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_290.jpg@ Flare Drall
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_302.jpg@ Drawn Joker
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_415.jpg@ Fire Courier Mitsuki
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_418.jpg@ Water Courier Ruka
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_421.jpg@ Wind Courier Kano
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_424.jpg@ Light Courier Fuu
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_427.jpg@ Dark Courier Kurone
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_555.jpg@ Mochizuki Chiyome
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_557.jpg@ Hatsume no Tsubone
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_559.jpg@ Sarutobi Sasuke
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_561.jpg@ Fuma Kotaro
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_563.jpg@ Hattori Hanzo
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1076.jpg@ Red Sky Fruit, Strawberry Dragon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1078.jpg@ Blue Sky Fruit, Berry Dragon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1080.jpg@ Green Sky Fruit, Melon Dragon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1082.jpg@ Yellow Sky Fruit, Lemon Dragon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1084.jpg@ Purple Sky Fruit, Grape Dragon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1413.jpg@ Happy Forest Maiden, Red Riding Hood
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1415.jpg@ Queen of the Dwarfs, Snow White
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1417.jpg@ Four Leaf Clover Princess, Thumbelina
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1419.jpg@ White Coach Princess, Cinderella
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1421.jpg@ Thorn Princess, Sleeping Beauty
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1614.jpg@ Fire Wizard, Laila
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1616.jpg@ Water Wizard, Sharon
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1618.jpg@ Wood Wizard, Leeza
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1620.jpg@ Light Wizard, Rei Sirius
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1622.jpg@ Dark Wizard, Dill Sirius
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1624.jpg@ Wandering Wizard, Wee Jas
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1626.jpg@ Jester Wizard, Chester
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1704.jpg@ Drifting Wizard, Wee Jas
http://puzzledragonx.com/en/img/monster/MONS_1706.jpg@ Red Sky Wizard, Chester
